Convert "Create a DevTools extension" to sample-based (#3616)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/extensions/samples.md

| Demo name | Description | Source code & Readme | Docs |
|---|---|---|---|

> | DevTools extension | Includes the following demos. | [/devtools-extension/](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/Demos/tree/main/devtools-extension) | [Create a DevTools extension, adding a custom tool tab and panel](./developer-guide/devtools-extension.md) |

Author: ```suggestion
| DevTools extension | todo | [/devtools-extension/](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/Demos/tree/main/devtools-extension) | [Create a DevTools extension, adding a custom tool tab and panel](./developer-guide/devtools-extension.md) |
```

Author: The cell was updated from:
Includes the following demos.
to: 
A Microsoft Edge extension that adds a **Custom** tool in Microsoft Edge DevTools.
